[docs] Update example reposistories (#971)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/languages/scala.md

![Scala Syntax demo](../images/scala-syntax.png)

Scala Syntax adds basic syntax highlighting for Scala and `sbt` files.

> To get it, simply head to Gitpod's **Extensions** panel (left vertical menu in the IDE), then search for "Scala Syntax", and install it "for this project". Then, commit the automatic `.gitpod.yml` change that was made by Gitpod.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: This could be quite confusing for non-English speakers. WDYT of the following:

```suggestion
To get it, open Gitpod's **Extensions** panel (left vertical menu in the IDE), then search for "Scala Syntax", and install it "for this project". Then, commit the automatic `.gitpod.yml` change that was made by Gitpod.
```

> To get it, simply head to Gitpod's **Extensions** panel (left vertical menu in the IDE), then search for "Scala Syntax", and install it "for this project". Then, commit the automatic `.gitpod.yml` change that was made by Gitpod.

Reviewer: **praise**: +1 for the Oxford comma.

### Metals

![An example of the metals in Gitpod](../images/metals-demo.png)

Metals adds helpful Scala features to Gitpod, for example, advanced autocompletion and debugging support just to name a few. Although to use it you must also have the previously mentioned Scala Syntax.

> To get it, simply head to Gitpod's **Extensions** panel (left vertical menu in the IDE), then search for "Scala Metals", and install it "for this project". Then, commit the automatic `.gitpod.yml` change that was made by Gitpod.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Same as the above, maybe use a simpler and more common language:

```suggestion
To get it, open Gitpod's **Extensions** panel (left vertical menu in the IDE), then search for "Scala Metals", and install it "for this project". Then, commit the automatic `.gitpod.yml` change that was made by Gitpod.
```

> To get it, simply head to Gitpod's **Extensions** panel (left vertical menu in the IDE), then search for "Scala Metals", and install it "for this project". Then, commit the automatic `.gitpod.yml` change that was made by Gitpod.

Reviewer: **issue**: The duplication of the sentence related to committing `.gitpod.yml` changes is a sign we could reconsider the structure of pages like this.

Author: Good point. Maybe all "VS Code Extensions" sections from the Languages & Frameworks section should have an introductory sentence, e.g. like this?

> Here are a few popular extensions recommended for working with <language> in Gitpod.
> 
> [Learn how to install extensions in Gitpod →](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/vscode-extensions/)

Reviewer: Another good candidate for a tip blockquote!

Author: Moving this item to a follow-up: https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/issues/986
